Update README.md (#122)
LibreSolar/charge-controller-firmware: README.md

```

check the connection between the programmer (for example the ST-Link of the Nucleo board) and the charge controller.

With PlatformIO on Linux: 
```
Error: libusb_open() failed with LIBUSB_ERROR_ACCESS
Error: open failed
```

> udev rule is missing. The following file https://github.com/bcmi-labs/OpenOCD/blob/master/contrib/99-openocd.rules needs to be added to /etc/udev/rules.d/ depending on linux system. And the group plugdev added to user executing PlatfromIO. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
means that a udev rule is missing. The [openocd.rules file](https://sourceforge.net/p/openocd/code/ci/master/tree/contrib/60-openocd.rules) needs to be copied to `/etc/udev/rules.d/` and the user executing PlatformIO should be added to the group `plugdev`.
```

Author: Thanks for reviewing and feedback. I agree to all.
